Update PII guides with Data Protection Plus (#1109)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/data-privacy/changes-in-vtex-features-behavior-to-handle-pii-data.md

---
title: "Changes in VTEX features behavior to handle PII data"
slug: "changes-in-vtex-features-behavior-to-handle-pii-data"
hidden: false
createdAt: "2022-02-22T22:29:28.541Z"
updatedAt: "2023-05-16T09:38:36.446Z"
seeAlso:
 - "/docs/guides/data-protection-plus"
 - "/docs/guides/pii-data-architecture-specifications"
 - "/docs/guides/data-residency"
 - "/docs/guides/profile-system"
 - "/docs/guides/limitations-of-the-pii-data-architecture-during-closed-beta"
---

> >⚠️ [Data Protection Plus](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/data-protection-plus) is in closed beta phase, only available in select regions.<br /><br />
> > This feature is part of [VTEX Shield](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/vtex-shield--2CVk6H9eY2CBtHjtDI7BFh). If you are already a VTEX customer and want to adopt VTEX Shield for your business, please contact [Commercial Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/support-at-vtex--4AXsGdGHqExp9ZkiNq9eMy/3KQWGgkPOwbFTPfBxL7YwZ). Additional fees may apply. If you are not yet a customer but are interested in this solution, please complete our [contact form](https://vtex.com/us-en/contact/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>⚠️ **Closed beta:** [Data Protection Plus](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/data-protection-plus) is in closed beta and is only available in select regions.

>❗ This feature is part of [VTEX Shield](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/vtex-shield--2CVk6H9eY2CBtHjtDI7BFh),  meaning *additional fees may apply.* 
> 
> If you are already a VTEX customer and want to adopt VTEX Shield for your business, please contact [Commercial Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/support-at-vtex--4AXsGdGHqExp9ZkiNq9eMy/3KQWGgkPOwbFTPfBxL7YwZ).
>
> If you are not yet a customer but are interested in this solution, please complete our [contact form](https://vtex.com/us-en/contact/). 
```

Reviewer: Fiz algumas sugestões para destacar e separar um pouco mais algumas infos importantes.

Em quais regiões está disponível? Senti falta disso

Author: Então, "oficialmente" está disponível para EMEA, mas pelo que conversei com a Aylla, podem ter exceções -- acabaram de implementar em um cliente da América Latina, por exemplo. Por isso, ela e Cae pediram para não especificar a região.
